Frankly, my dear, I dont give a damn. Gone with the Wind
Im gonna make him an offer he cant refuse. The Godfather
You dont understand! I coulda had class. I coulda been a contender. I couldve been somebody, instead of a bum, which is what I am. On the Waterfront
Toto, Ive a feeling were not in Kansas anymore. The Wizard of Oz
Heres looking at you, kid. Casablanca
Go ahead, make my day. Sudden Impact
All right, Mr. DeMille, Im ready for my close-up. Sunset Boulevard
May the Force be with you. Star Wars
Fasten your seatbelts. Its going to be a bumpy night. All About Eve
You talkin to me? Taxi Driver
What weve got here is failure to communicate. Cool Hand Luke
I love the smell of napalm in the morning. Apocalypse Now
Love means never having to say youre sorry. Love Story
The stuff that dreams are made of. The Maltese Falcon
E.T. phone home. E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial
They call me Mister Tibbs! In the Heat of the Night
Rosebud. Citizen Kane
Made it, Ma! Top of the world! White Heat
Im as mad as hell, and Im not going to take this anymore! Network
Louis, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship. Casablanca
A census taker once tried to test me. I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice Chianti. The Silence of the Lambs
Bond. James Bond. Dr. No
Theres no place like home. The Wizard of Oz
I am big! Its the pictures that got small. Sunset Boulevard
Show me the money! Jerry Maguire
Why dont you come up sometime and see me? She Done Him Wrong
Im walking here! Im walking here! Midnight Cowboy
Play it, Sam. Play As Time Goes By. Casablanca
You cant handle the truth! A Few Good Men
I want to be alone. Grand Hotel
After all, tomorrow is another day! Gone with the Wind
Round up the usual suspects. Casablanca
Ill have what shes having. When Harry Met Sally...
You know how to whistle, dont you, Steve? You just put your lips together and blow. To Have and Have Not
Youre gonna need a bigger boat. Jaws
Badges? We aint got no badges! We dont need no badges! I dont have to show you any stinking badges! Gold Hat
Ill be back. The Terminator
Today, I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the Earth. The Pride of the Yankees
If you build it, he will come. Field of Dreams
Mama always said life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what youre gonna get. Forrest Gump
We rob banks. Bonnie and Clyde
Plastics. The Graduate
Well always have Paris. Casablanca
I see dead people. The Sixth Sense
Stella! Hey, Stella! A Streetcar Named Desire
Oh, Jerry, dont lets ask for the moon. We have the stars. Now, Voyager
Shane. Shane. Come back! Shane
Well, nobodys perfect. Some Like It Hot
Its alive! Its alive! Frankenstein
Houston, we have a problem. Apollo 13
Youve got to ask yourself one question: Do I feel lucky? Well, do ya, punk? Dirty Harry
You had me at hello. Jerry Maguire
One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got in my pajamas, I dont know. Animal Crackers
Theres no crying in baseball! A League of Their Own
La-dee-da, la-dee-da. Annie Hall
A boys best friend is his mother. Psycho
Greed, for lack of a better word, is good. Wall Street
Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer. The Godfather Part II
As God is my witness, Ill never be hungry again. Gone with the Wind
Well, heres another nice mess youve gotten me into! Sons of the Desert
Say hello to my little friend! Scarface
What a dump. Beyond the Forest
Mrs. Robinson, youre trying to seduce me. Arent you? The Graduate
Gentlemen, you cant fight in here! This is the War Room! Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb
Elementary, my dear Watson. The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes
Get your stinking paws off me, you damned dirty ape. Planet of the Apes
Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world, she walks into mine. Casablanca
Heres Johnny! The Shining
Theyre here! Poltergeist
Is it safe? Marathon Man
Wait a minute, wait a minute. You aint heard nothin yet! The Jazz Singer
No wire hangers, ever! Mommie Dearest
Mother of mercy, is this the end of Rico? Little Caesar
Forget it, Jake, its Chinatown. Chinatown
I have always depended on the kindness of strangers. A Streetcar Named Desire
Hasta la vista, baby. Terminator 2: Judgment Day
Soylent Green is people! Soylent Green
Open the pod bay doors, HAL. 2001: A Space Odyssey
Striker: Surely you cant be serious. Rumack: I am serious … and dont call me Shirley. Airplane!
Yo, Adrian! Rocky
Hello, gorgeous. Funny Girl
Toga! Toga! National Lampoons Animal House
Listen to them. Children of the night. What music they make. Dracula
Oh, no, it wasnt the airplanes. It was Beauty killed the Beast. King Kong
My precious. The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers
Attica! Attica! Dog Day Afternoon
Sawyer, youre going out a youngster, but youve got to come back a star! 42nd Street
Listen to me, mister. Youre my knight in shining armor. Dont you forget it. Youre going to get back on that horse, and Im going to be right behind you, holding on tight, and away were gonna go, go, go! On Golden Pond
Tell em to go out there with all they got and win just one for the Gipper. Knute Rockne, All American
A martini. Shaken, not stirred. Goldfinger
Whos on first? The Naughty Nineties
Cinderella story. Outta nowhere. A former greenskeeper, now, about to become the Masters champion. It looks like a mirac...Its in the hole! Its in the hole! Its in the hole! Caddyshack
Life is a banquet, and most poor suckers are starving to death! Auntie Mame
I feel the need—the need for speed! Top Gun
Carpe diem. Seize the day, boys. Make your lives extraordinary. Dead Poets Society
Snap out of it! Moonstruck
My mother thanks you. My father thanks you. My sister thanks you. And I thank you. Yankee Doodle Dandy
Nobody puts Baby in a corner. Dirty Dancing
Ill get you, my pretty, and your little dog too! The Wizard of Oz
Im the King of the World Titanic